hey guys welcome back to my channel so
today I'm gonna be reviewing the Mac
Studio Fix fluid foundation in the shade
and W 58 I do want to go ahead and
mention really quickly that today's
video is actually sponsored by Mac I
still can't even believe I'm saying that
we have grown so much and it's all
thanks to you guys love and support this
is one of my first sponsorships on my
channel so thank you guys so much for
allowing us to get to this point and
thank you to Mac for sponsoring today's
video I did meet some of the Mac team at
the Mac times Nicki event in New York
and they were so sweet and so kind I had
such a great time with them and they
just made me feel so much more
comfortable about this sponsorship with
them today so Mac is the foundation that
I do get asked a lot about like when my
shade is as far as reference point
because I know some companies use it as
a reference to match their foundations
and some people use it as a reference to
match themselves and other foundations
so I do get asked a lot what my shade is
in Mac this is the last shade that they
had this is the NW 58 and I'm gonna go
ahead and be testing that out today I'm
not gonna ramble too much I'm gonna go
ahead and start applying this straight
onto my face and I've already went ahead
and primed my face before this video
just so you guys know I think I get a
lot of questions sometimes whether or
not i prime I normally prime before I
even start shooting I do my oyster Iser
and primer and everything like that
this foundation claims to be long
wearing 24 hour wear but I don't think
anyone ever wears foundation for 24
hours so it reduces the appearance of
pores controls oil and shine non-drying
for all skin types especially oily skin
and provides a stay true color non
streaky non cakey non setting and photo
friendly
[Music]
this is what the foundation looks like
now I'm gonna go ahead and set it with
the pressed powder in the shade NW 58
this is the Studio Fix pressed powder
foundation I'm not gonna use too much
because this is a matte finish
foundation and I'd like more of a dewy
finish so I'm just gonna lightly dust it
on my face
all righty so this is what my face looks
like now with the powder with the
foundation and the powder on top so I'm
gonna go ahead and come back at the end
of the night and I'll tell you guys what
I liked and what I didn't like about
this foundation alrighty guys so I am
back it's been about eight hours with
this foundation on my face and this is
what my face looks like now for me I
definitely feel like this foundation is
a matte finished foundation you can make
it even more matte by adding the pressed
powder or you can go ahead and skip that
part or even go in with that part and
then just vary a little bit of the fix+
on there and that'll give you your duty
finished that's something I prefer to do
since I like more of a dewy finish on my
dry skin so I would go ahead and go in
with the foundation and then set it and
then spray this fix+ to give me more of
that Divi feel if you do have oily skin
I would suggest just using the
foundation and putting a lot more of the
powder on top and then a little bit of
the fix plus I do feel like it gave me a
nice smooth finish is it poor erasing
I'm not quite sure but I feel like I did
get a really nice smooth finish it was a
really nice match to my chest
okay so coverage on this foundation I
feel like I got a medium coverage
foundation I didn't try and build it up
because I didn't want to do too much
because I feel like the coverage that I
got was decent enough for me I didn't
want to do too much when I didn't really
really have to like creasing around my
mouth is nowhere near as what I normally
get I normally get my laugh lines and
underneath my eyes I get creases so
that's normal for me but I did not have
this foundation breakdown nowhere near
as much as I seen on other foundations
overall I think this foundation held up
really nicely and I have tried this
foundation before so this is not
technically a first impression this is a
foundation that I have definitely tried
before in the past and likes so Mac
carries about fifty shades in the studio
fix fluid foundation that's why I feel
like it's something that a lot of
companies use as a reference point and a
lot of people use as a reference point
because it has such a huge shade range
with a lot of different undertones I
have three here that I'm currently have
an own I'm gonna go ahead and give those
a good swatch real fast so here a few of
those swatches here this is the shade NW
58 the one that I'm wearing right
now and the NW 58 is described as being
rich espresso with neutral undertones
for deep skin and I definitely agree
with the neutral undertones I don't
think that it's too red but I do and I
don't think that it's too yellow I think
it's like a perfect right in-between
shade and here I have the NW 50 and the
NW 48 NW 48 actually used the other day
as an under-eye highlight and I really
like the way that looked you would think
that I would use a next shade before I
would use this shade but since the
undertone on this shade matched me
better
this shade made me look a little bit
grayer on the under eye so it really
really helps to have so many different
undertones so you can actually truly
match yourself and there's a whole bunch
of different shades in between here
there's like an NW 55 and NC 55 so a
whole bunch of shades with a whole bunch
of different undertones overall I really
like the coverage that I got I feel like
I got a medium coverage I didn't try and
build it up because I didn't feel like I
needed to I would recommend this
foundation for both skin types
it wasn't matte finished but it wasn't a
matte finish that was super drying on me
and super tight and made me feel like I
could my face couldn't move especially
if you have dry skin like me that's
something you really appreciate and then
you can always just make it a little bit
more dewy with a little bit of fix+
and having the powder to match is
awesome as well because then you can
just go ahead and set your face with
that powder you don't have to worry
about trying to find a translucent
powder that's gonna match that won't
give you that ashy cast Ashley cast and
everything think that's all I have for
this foundation once again thank you to
Matt for sponsoring this video if you
have not done so already make sure you
are subscribe and give this video a
thumbs up lots of love and I'll see you
guys next time